{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	drugName	condition	review	rating	date	usefulCount\
206461	Valsartan	Left Ventricular Dysfunction	"""It has no side effect, I take it in combination of Bystolic 5 Mg and Fish Oil"""	9.0	May 20, 2012	27\
95260	Guanfacine	ADHD	"""My son is halfway through his fourth week of Intuniv. We became concerned when he began this last week, when he started taking the highest dose he will be on. For two days, he could hardly get out of bed, was very cranky, and slept for nearly 8 hours on a drive home from school vacation (very unusual for him.) I called his doctor on Monday morning and she said to stick it out a few days. See how he did at school, and with getting up in the morning. The last two days have been problem free. He is MUCH more agreeable than ever. He is less emotional (a good thing), less cranky. He is remembering all the things he should. Overall his behavior is better. \
We have tried many different medications and so far this is the most effective."""	8.0	April 27, 2010	192\
92703	Lybrel	Birth Control	"""I used to take another oral contraceptive, which had 21 pill cycle, and was very happy- very light periods, max 5 days, no other side effects. But it contained hormone gestodene, which is not available in US, so I switched to Lybrel, because the ingredients are similar. When my other pills ended, I started Lybrel immediately, on my first day of period, as the instructions said. And the period lasted for two weeks. When taking the second pack- same two weeks. And now, with third pack things got even worse- my third period lasted for two weeks and now it&#039;s the end of the third week- I still have daily brown discharge.\
The positive side is that I didn&#039;t have any other side effects. The idea of being period free was so tempting... Alas."""	5.0	December 14, 2009	17\
138000	Ortho Evra	Birth Control	"""This is my first time using any form of birth control. I&#039;m glad I went with the patch, I have been on it for 8 months. At first It decreased my libido but that subsided. The only downside is that it made my periods longer (5-6 days to be exact) I used to only have periods for 3-4 days max also made my cramps intense for the first two days of my period, I never had cramps before using birth control. Other than that in happy with the patch"""	8.0	November 3, 2015	10}